---
upstream_repo: false
package_ensure: present
service_ensure: running
service_enable: true
config_file_owner: root
config_file_group: root
config_file_mode: '0644'
config_dir_owner: root
config_dir_group: root
config_dir_mode: '0755'
config_dir_purge: false
config_dir_recurse: true
install_method: package
packages:
  main:
    ensure: present
    source:
    install_options: []
    params: {}
    providers: {}
    manage: true
  devel:
    name: "$TITLE-devel"
    ensure: present
    manage: false
  doc:
    name: "$TITLE-doc"
    ensure: present
    manage: false
  libs:
    name: "$TITLE-libs"
    ensure: present
    manage: false
services:
  main:
    process_user: root
    process_group: root
    ensure: running
    enable: true
    params: {}
files:
  config:
    owner: root
    group: root
    mode: '0644'
  init:
    owner: root
    group: root
    mode: '0644'
    format: inifile
  systemd:
    owner: root
    group: root
    mode: '0644'
    format: inifile_with_stanzas
dirs:
  config:
    owner: root
    group: root
  conf:
    owner: root
    group: root
repo_package_provider: dpkg
init_system: systemd
repos:
  default:
    package_provider: dpkg
package_name: openssh-server
service_name: ssh
config_file_path: "/etc/ssh/sshd_config"
config_dir_path: "/etc/ssh"
tcp_port: '22'
pid_file_path: "/var/run/sshd.pid"
log_file_path: "/var/log/syslog"
process_name: sshd
process_user: root
process_group: root
nodaemon_args: "-D"
validate_cmd: sshd -t -f %
version_command: ssh -V
config_file_format: inifile
init_file_path: "/var/default/ssh"
